PEP 765: What's New warnings filter suggestions (#139658)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

leaving a :keyword:`finally` block.
This change is specified in :pep:`765`.

> For use cases where this change is inconvenient (such as those where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In situations where this change is inconvenient (such as those where the
```

warnings are redundant due to code linting), syntax warnings specifically
may be switched off via the :ref:`warning filter <warning-filter>`, using the
clause ``ignore::SyntaxWarning``. This can also be specified in combination
with a filter that converts other warnings to errors (for example, passing
``-Werror -Wignore::SyntaxWarning`` as CLI options, or setting

> ``PYTHONWARNINGS=error,ignore::SyntaxWarning``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
warnings are redundant due to code linting), the :ref:`warning filter
<warning-filter>` can be used to turn off all syntax warnings, by using the
``ignore::SyntaxWarning`` filter. This can be specified in combination
with a filter that converts other warnings to errors (for example, passing
``-Werror -Wignore::SyntaxWarning`` as CLI options, or setting
``PYTHONWARNINGS=error,ignore::SyntaxWarning``).
```

> In situations where this change is inconvenient (such as those where the
> warnings are redundant due to code linting), the :ref:`warning filter
> <warning-filter>` can be used to turn off all syntax warnings, by using the
> ``ignore::SyntaxWarning`` filter. This can be specified in combination
> with a filter that converts other warnings to errors (for example, passing
> ``-Werror -Wignore::SyntaxWarning`` as CLI options, or setting
> ``PYTHONWARNINGS=error,ignore::SyntaxWarning``).
> 
> Note that applying such a filter at runtime, using the :mod:`warnings` module
> will only suppress the warning in code that is compiled *after* the filter is
> adjusted. Code that is compiled prior to the filter adjustment (for example,
> when a module is imported) will still emit the syntax warning.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
In situations where this change is inconvenient (such as those where the
warnings are redundant due to code linting), the :ref:`warning filter
<warning-filter>` can be used to turn off all syntax warnings by adding
``ignore::SyntaxWarning`` as a filter. This can be specified in combination
with a filter that converts other warnings to errors (for example, passing
``-Werror -Wignore::SyntaxWarning`` as CLI options, or setting
``PYTHONWARNINGS=error,ignore::SyntaxWarning``).

Note that applying such a filter at runtime using the :mod:`warnings` module
will only suppress the warning in code that is compiled *after* the filter is
adjusted. Code that is compiled prior to the filter adjustment (for example,
when a module is imported) will still emit the syntax warning.

```

> adjustment (for example, when a module is imported) will still emit the warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that applying such a filter at runtime, using the :mod:`warnings` module
will only suppress the warning in code that is compiled *after* the filter is
adjusted. Code that is compiled prior to the filter adjustment (for example,
when a module is imported) will still emit the syntax warning.
```
